Arabis is a British mine-sweeper.
Nur el Bahr is an Egyptian coastguard cruiser.
S.S. Gulflight is an American oil tanker.
Paragon is a British Destroyer.
The Intrepid, Thetis, and Iphigenia are three obsolete British cruisers.
The Brilliant and Sirius are British block ships.
Scharnhorst, Gneisenau, Leipzig, and Nürnberg are German warships.
The Surprise, Tornado, and Torrent are British destroyers.
The Staunch is a British destroyer.
The Orama is a British armed merchant-cruiser.
There are 3 different ships called Ariadne.
There are 2 different ships called Königsberg.
"Moewe" is the same ship as "Möwe".
L21, L45, L44, L49, SL11, L70, L50, L4, L32, L34, and L33 are German airships.
"Sir D. Haig" is the same person as "Sir Douglas Haig".
"Mohtashem ed Douleh" is the same person as "Mohtashim ed Douleh".
"Va." is the abbreviation for "Virginia".
"Kiao-Chau" refers to the Kiautschou Bay Leased Territory. Tsingtau is the administrative centre of Kiao-Chau.
Tsingtau is in Shantung Province.
"Rumania" is the same place as "Roumania".
"Tekrit" is the same place as "Tikrit".
"Windhuk" is the same place as "Windhoek".
"Werwick" is the same place as "Werwicq".
"Jassin" is the same place as "Jasin".
"Péronne" is the same place as "Peronne".
"Sanna-i-Yat" is the same place as "Sannaiyat" and "Sunayat". Sanna-i-Yat is a place in Mesopotamia.
"Ramadi" is the same place as "Ramadieh" and "Ramadie". Ramadi is a place in Mesopotamia.
"Kut" is the same place as "Kut-el-Amara" and "Kut al Amara". Kut is a place in Mesopotamia.
"Nasiriyah" is the same place as "Nasiriya" and "Nasiriyeh". Nasiriyah is a place in Mesopotamia.
"Es Sinn" is the same place as "As Sinn". Es Sinn is in Mesopotamia.
"Hanna" is the same place as "Um-el-Hannah". Hanna is in Mesopotamia.
"Falahiya" is the same place as "Falahiyah". Falahiya is in Mesopotamia.
"Khan Baghdadi" is the same place as "Khan Baghdadie". Khan Baghdadi is in Mesopotamia.
Amara, Azizie, Bait Aissa, Basra, Baghdad, Ctesiphon, Fao, Gurneh, Saihan, Samarra, Mezera, Sahil, Shaiba, Sharqat and Qurna are places in Mesopotamia.
Ana, Deli Abbas, Deltawa, Hit, Istabulat, Khan Abu Rayat, Kifri, Lajj, Mushaidiya, Khanaqin, Kirkuk, Mosul, Tuz Khartmatli and Rowanduz are places in Mesopotamia.
"Tanaka Giichi" is the same person as "Lieut.-General Giichi Tanaka".
"Gotō Shinpei" is the same person as "Baron Goto".
Tripoli is a place in Syria. Tripoli is a place in Libya.
"General von Hindenburg" is the same person as "Paul von Hindenburg".
"General Sir W. Robertson" is the same person as "Sir William Robertson".
"Lieut.-General Sir A. Barrett" is the same person as "Sir Arthur Arnold Barrett".
"Dr. J. de Castro" is the same person as "Dr. Jose de Castro".
"Dr. S. Cardosa da Paes" is the same person as "Dr. da Silva Paes" and "Dr. S. B. C. da Paes".
"Sir E. Carson" is the same person as "Sir Edward Carson".
"Hugh Richard Arthur Grosvenor" is the same person as "the Duke of Westminster".
"Alexandra Feodorovna" is the same person as "ex-Tsaritsa".
"Sir W. R. Marshall" is the same person as "Sir William Raine Marshall".
"Dr J. Braga" is the same person as "Dr. Joaquim T. Braga".
"General Sir H. H. Wilson" is the same person as "Sir Henry Wilson".
